---
title: "God Continuing to Show Up"
pubDate: "2025-04-13"
author: "John Lilly"
description: "We had several meetings with doctors this weekend about Francis’ condition."
heroImage: '../../assets/blog/april-13-25-1.avif'
galleryPhotos: 
    - '../../assets/blog/april-13-25-1.avif'
    - '../../assets/blog/april-13-25-2.avif'
    - '../../assets/blog/april-13-25-3.avif'
    - '../../assets/blog/april-13-25-4.avif'
---

Thank you all for your continuous prayers for Francis. We are reminded every day of how many people are praying, sacrificing and thinking of our son.

We had several meetings with doctors this weekend about Francis’ condition. The second MRI revealed nothing new and confirmed he has severe HIE. The seizures continue to be the biggest thing we are concerned about right now. They are beginning to wean him off some of the heavier medications. A few smaller issues have also popped up with him, such as discoloration in his stomach, fluid in his lung and possible infection in his leg. The doctors have been really on top of everything and are trying everything they can to help him, which we are so grateful for.

God continues to show up for us even when we aren’t ready for it. During Mass this morning, we happened to sit next to a stained glass window that had both St. Therese and St. Francis Xavier in it. We also found a Divine Mercy prayer card that says “Jesus I Trust in You” in one of the NICU break areas and ran into another couple who were there visiting their newborn godson. They told us that they and their 10 children would pray for Francis.

There have also been a lot of small positives in the midst of everything. Francis had his first bath (along with some cute bunny ears after 😊), started a feeding tube, and continues to respond and react to lights and our touches.

We have been reading “Divine Intimacy” every day to Francis in his room. The quote from yesterday’s passage stood out to us especially during this time.

> In The Living Flame of Love (2,27), St. John of the Cross asks why there are so few souls who reach the plenitude of the spiritual life; and he answers: "It is not because God wants to reserve this state for a few privileged souls, but because He finds so few souls disposed to accept the hard task of purification.”

Often what I think scares both of us is the unknown of the road ahead and having to accept this ongoing suffering. Jesus has asked us to walk this road, and while it’s far from what we ever imagined, we know that He is there with us in the suffering and His own glory gives us hope for the future.

Our prayer intentions right now for Francis are:

- For his left lung to clear out any “opacities” and properly inflate so he can have strength to start breathing on his own

- To heal and prevent any infections

- That his brain may be fully healed and he have no seizures