---
title: "Asking for Special Prayers"
pubDate: "2025-04-04"
author: "John Lilly"
description: "We are asking for special prayers over the next couple of days for Francis and for Kara."
heroImage: '../../assets/blog/april-4-25-1.avif'
galleryPhotos: 
    - '../../assets/blog/april-4-25-1.avif'
    - '../../assets/blog/april-4-25-2.avif'
    - '../../assets/blog/april-4-25-3.avif'
---
We are asking for special prayers over the next couple of days for Francis and for Kara. They have had Francis on cooling therapy since he’s arrived here, which is to reduce brain damange by lowering the body’s temperature. This has allowed his body time to heal and recover since his birth. 

Tomorrow they will be turning down the cooling pads, which will allow his body temperature to come to a more normal state. This will tell us a lot about his overall recovery and his outlook going forward. We may also be able to hold him during this time, which would be truly a gift.

On Saturday, they will do an MRI scan which will give the doctors a fuller picture of the extent of the damage to his brain. There has been some swelling that they have been able to see from an ultrasound, but are unsure of the extent. We we have been told thus far is that the damage is most likely medium to severe.

Kara’s overall recovery has gone well and she has handled everything in such an amazing way. She has been mostly exhausted with everything happening and in pain as she recovers from her surgery.

Please lift up these intentions in your prayers, for Francis's complete healing, for a positive result of the MRI scan, and for Kara’s quick healing.

Precious blood of Jesus, have mercy on us and your son Francis. St. Francis of Assisi, pray for us. St. Therese of Lisieux, pray for us. St. Zelie and Louis Martin, pray for us. Blessed John Licci, pray for us.