---
title: "Small Signs of Hope"
pubDate: "2025-04-03"
author: "John Lilly"
description: "There have been many small signs of hope today — stable blood pressure, no new seizures, and precious moments shared with Francis."
heroImage: '../../assets/blog/april-3-25-1.avif'
galleryPhotos: 
    - '../../assets/blog/april-3-25-1.avif'
    - '../../assets/blog/april-3-25-2.avif'
    - '../../assets/blog/april-3-25-3.avif'
    - '../../assets/blog/april-3-25-4.avif'
---
There have been many small signs of hope today, a sign of God’s hand at work.

Francis has had no new seizures since yesterday and his blood pressure has been stable today. There is still some internal bleeding but it appears to be slowing based on what the doctors have shared with us. He’s had several blood transfusions which have helped replace what he’s lost.

He also had to have a minor procedure today to remove a pocket of air in his lung. The doctors explained this is somewhat normal given what he’s been through. They poked a small hole in his side to release the air. His oxygen levels had to be increased but overall he responded really well.

Kara and I were both able to share some very precious individual moments with him today. Kara sang “Oh How He Loves” to him again, which is a song she sings every night to the girls. I also shared some of my favorite moments from the Commanders season with him, as well as the song “You’ll Never Walk Alone” that Liverpool FC plays before every home game. We also showed him the picture Bella drew of her and Max holding him ❤️

We are so incredibly blessed to be surrounded by so many prayers. Our intentions for him today are for the bleeding to continue to stop, his lungs and breathing to improve, and for brain activity to increase. This is the part we are most concerned about right now given everything that has happened.

I’ve been praying that the blood of Jesus transforms and infuses in him to heal him. I always make sure to tell him he’s never alone. Jesus is always with him no matter what. It hurts to see him so small going through so much but I know he’s being taken care of.

Precious blood of Jesus, have mercy on us and your son Francis. St. Francis of Assisi, pray for us. St. Therese of Lisieux, pray for us. St. Zelie and Louis Martin, pray for us. Blessed John Licci, pray for us.