---
title: "Update from Kara"
pubDate: "2025-04-11"
author: "Kara Lilly"
description: "Please continue praying for our “little lion” who is fighting with the Lord’s strength right now."
heroImage: '../../assets/blog/april-11-25-1.avif'
galleryPhotos: 
    - '../../assets/blog/april-11-25-1.avif'
    - '../../assets/blog/april-11-25-2.avif'
    - '../../assets/blog/april-11-25-3.avif'
    - '../../assets/blog/april-11-25-4.avif'
    - '../../assets/blog/april-11-25-5.avif'
---

If you don’t have time to read this full update, please scroll to the end to see our very specific prayer intentions.

I (Kara) wanted to share our update today especially to clarify a few things. For those who have been wondering, I am continuing to recover really well from my surgery. I was able to be discharged this past Saturday and I am slowly regaining my strength back while also giving my body time and rest to heal as much as possible.

As I mentioned before, I believe my speedy recovery was due to the many prayers of you all. Thank you. John and I have been reflecting over the past week in awe of the amount of support and encouragement we have received from you all. We realize we don’t have to share everything and we have no obligation to post updates. However, this community has increased and strengthened our faith every time we have felt discouraged in this journey so far. Thank you for giving us hope.

Francis had been doing great over the past couple of days. They had weaned him off of 3 out of 5 seizure medications and we think we started to see him wake up a bit. I was able to hold him skin to skin for another time-stopping moment. As I held him, the worship song, “Do It Again” came to mind so I sang that as we prayed for confidence in the Lord’s plan for us.

> Your promise still stands, great is your faithfulness, your faithfulness.<br>
> I'm still in Your hands<br>
> This is my confidence<br>
> You've never failed

Yesterday, we received news that his seizures ramped back up and they had to bring his medications back up again. They are concerned the damage from the HIE injury was worse than they had thought from the original MRI or there might be something else going on. They’ve decided to do another MRI and run a few more tests to rule out other possibilities.

Last Sunday, we were really praying for an undeniable and instant miracle but I believe that what is happening to Francis and the community around us is more powerful and impactful than those types of miracles. As much as I wish we didn’t have to endure this suffering, John and I remind each other that we don’t believe in Jesus because of the miracles, we believe in Him because of the journey to the cross and the glory of the resurrection. He is with us in all of it.

Please continue praying for our “little lion” who is fighting with the Lord’s strength right now. My sister drew a beautiful picture of the lion, Aslan, for his nursery to go along with the Chronicles of Narnia theme I wanted. It is so fitting now. The flowers represent his last name and his birth flowers.

Prayer requests:
- For him to be safe with no seizures as they remove his EEG monitor today
- For the doctors to quickly find manageable and treatable answers for his seizures through the MRI this weekend
- For him to begin breathing over the ventilator
- For peace and confidence in the Lord even amidst the daily trials we are facing