---
title: "Francis Meets his Sisters"
pubDate: "2025-04-09"
author: "John Lilly"
description: "We were super blessed to have our first moment together today as a family of five."
heroImage: '../../assets/blog/april-9-25-1.avif'
galleryPhotos: 
    - '../../assets/blog/april-9-25-1.avif'
    - '../../assets/blog/april-9-25-2.avif'
    - '../../assets/blog/april-9-25-3.avif'
    - '../../assets/blog/april-9-25-4.avif'
    - '../../assets/blog/april-9-25-5.avif'
---
Francis is one week old today! We were super blessed to have a moment together as a family of five - our first throughout this whole ordeal. Bella and Maxine were both very good and had big smiles on their faces throughout. Maxine ran up to Francis to give him "medicine" after using it on the baby bear the nurses had given her, and Bella sung our bedtime song to Francis with Kara ("Oh How He Loves").

After the results of the MRI, the doctors had begun to use different language with us about quality of life. We expressed our intent to them that we want Francis to have every opportunity at life. All of him is there, and even if he is limited in some ways, we want to be able to experience life with him. Since that conversation, we've noticed a shift in the doctors tone and language with us. They've been much more supportive of our goals and have been more encouraging. God seems to be at work even in these complicated circumstances.

Francis has made some good progress over the last 24 hours. The doctors have weaned him off one of his seizure medications since he has remained free of them since 8am Monday and he's remained stable. One of the nurses even mentioned how well he has responded to all the changes. Their goal is they want to see how he will respond. The challenge right now is that he is so heavily sedated that it's hard to get a full picture of what his true condition is like.

We are still scared of the future and uncertain for what it will bring. The disciples in the boat had to wake Jesus during the storm. They had to wait for him, in a sense, and that waiting is scary. It's also an intentional part of God's plan to make us wait. It's in this tension that His will is revealed.

Please continue to pray for Francis, specifically:

  * That he continues to remain stable with all the changes  
  - That weaning off the seizure medication goes smoothly  
  - For the complete healing of his brain, especially the damaged areas  
  - That the doctors will be able to find a treatable reason for his storm of seizures  
  - Deepening of our trust in the Lord and relying on each other