---
title: "MRI Results & Calming of the Storm"
pubDate: "2025-04-07"
author: "John Lilly"
description: "Please continue to pray for the complete and total healing of Francis' brain."
heroImage: '../../assets/blog/april-7-25-1.avif'
galleryPhotos: 
    - '../../assets/blog/april-7-25-1.avif'
    - '../../assets/blog/april-7-25-2.avif'
    - '../../assets/blog/april-7-25-3.avif'
---
Hi everyone, first of all I just wanted to say thank you for everything up to this point. We are overwhelmed by the amount of love, support, and prayers we have received.

Yesterday the doctors shared the results from the MRI with us that the extent of the damage to Francis’s brain is very severe. The damage is in almost all regions of his brain. There is some activity, however faint, so he is not considered “brain dead.” He is still very fragile and we have a lot of unknowns about the future.

He started having continuous seizures last night and those have continued this morning. The doctor described them as “a constant storm of seizures” (status epilepticus). We are praying for the Lord to calm this storm like he did in the boat with the disciples.

We are really having a hard time trusting in the Lord right now. There are still little signs of victory though, such as Francis increasing his urine output, his vitals staying stable during the MRI and while we held him, as well as many others.

The best moment of yesterday was by far when I got to hold him. He is so precious and so perfect.

Our prayer intentions today:

- Continual prayers of miraculous healing for our precious Francis

- Peace and guidance as his parents from the Holy Spirit as we navigate conversations with doctors and nurses

- For the calming of the storm in His brain and in our hearts

> One day he got into a boat with his disciples and said to them, “Let us cross to the other side of the lake.” So they set sail, and while they were sailing he fell asleep. A squall blew over the lake, and they were taking in water and were in danger. They came and woke him saying, “Master, master, we are perishing!” He awakened, rebuked the wind and the waves, and they subsided and there was a calm. Then he asked them, “Where is your faith?” But they were filled with awe and amazed and said to one another, “Who then is this, who commands even the winds and the sea, and they obey him?” - Luke 8:22-25