---
title: "Francis' Rewarming and MRI"
pubDate: "2025-04-05T09:00:00"
author: "Kara Lilly"
description: "Please continue to pray for the complete and total healing of Francis' brain."
heroImage: '../../assets/blog/april-5-25-1.avif'
galleryPhotos: 
    - '../../assets/blog/april-5-25-1.avif'
    - '../../assets/blog/april-5-25-2.avif'
    - '../../assets/blog/april-5-25-3.avif'
---
I'm sure many of you are not surprised that I haven't had the strength or opportunity to share an update yet but I am so so grateful that I believe your prayers for my strength and quick recovery have been working.

No doubt that I still have a road ahead emotionally, mentally, and even spiritually but to be physically healing as quickly as I am has been an incredible blessing so that I can be with Francis more and care for him as his mother only can.

However, the most beautiful and transformative parts of this journey so far has been witnessing the incredible husband and father John has become. After ensuring that I am ok and taken care of by either nurses or family, he goes to visit our precious Francis and spend meaningful time with him as much as possible. He comes back always saying how he didn't want to leave him and he just doesn't want him to be alone. I have seen John's love for our girls but this is different. I believe this must be what Father's love for the son looks like. And how beautiful it is to see his heart completely poured out in the suffering of his son.

## Francis' Rewarming and MRI
We received a full update today about Francis from the doctors and neurologist today. The good news is that most of his bodily functions seem to be on the clear road to recovery. The unfortunate news is that he continues to have little to no brain activity show up on the EEGs.

We won't fully understand the damage to his brain until the MRI which has been pushed to Sunday. We ask for prayers for his brain, for complete healing of all the damage done to it. We know God can do anything and we have complete trust in Him.

The way they describe his brain activity is that there is very little there and only spurts of responsiveness deep in the cortex. I imagine that at the moment it looks very dark in his brain so we are praying for the Lord’s light to shine into the darkness of his brain for us right now. Please pray for the miracle that the doctors will see the hope of the Christ’s light either in his EEGs or the MRI.

This scripture passage helped John and I yesterday when we felt discouraged remembering that only Jesus can heal in the way that he does:

> On the next day, when they came down from the mountain, a large crowd met him. There was a man in the crowd who cried out, “Teacher, I beg you, look at my son; he is my only child. For a spirit seizes him and he suddenly screams and it convulses him until he foams at the mouth; it releases him only with difficulty, wearing him out. I begged your disciples to cast it out but they could not.” Jesus said in reply, “O faithless and perverse generation, how long will I be with you and endure you? Bring your son here.” As he was coming forward, the demon threw him to the ground in a convulsion; but Jesus rebuked the unclean spirit, healed the boy, and returned him to his father. And all were astonished by the majesty of God. - Luke 9: 37-43

Please continue to pray for the complete and total healing of Francis' brain. We trust in the Lord and His plan for Francis' life.